ci(docs): add external provider info to table (#62)
opendatahub-io/llama-stack-distribution: distribution/README.md

You can see an overview of the APIs and Providers the image ships with in the table below.

| API | Provider | External? | Enabled by default? | How to enable |
|-----|----------|-----------|---------------------|---------------|
| agents | inline::meta-reference | No | ✅ | N/A |
| datasetio | inline::localfs | No | ✅ | N/A |
| datasetio | remote::huggingface | No | ✅ | N/A |
| eval | inline::trustyai_ragas | Yes (version 0.3.0) | ❌ | Set the `EMBEDDING_MODEL` environment variable |
| eval | remote::trustyai_lmeval | Yes (version 0.2.4) | ✅ | N/A |

> | eval | remote::trustyai_ragas | Yes (version 0.3.0) | ❌ | Set the `KUBEFLOW_LLAMA_STACK_URL` environment variable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| eval | remote::trustyai_ragas | Yes (version 0.3.0) | ❌ | In addition to the setup for `inline::trustyai_ragas`, set the `KUBEFLOW_*` environment variables as per the provider's README. |
```
